README.md, before:

Modern Java
===========

# Purpose
The purpose of this project is to learn and demonstrate new features in Java from version 8 on.

# Java 8
This was a major release.  Some of the main features are:
* Functional Programming
* Optional Class 
* Default And Static Methods In Interfaces
* Method References
* Stream API 
* New java.time package
* New java.util.Base64 class.
* Collection API Improvements
* Concurrency API Changes/Enhancements
* Java IO Improvements
* Miscellaneous Core API Improvements

## Functional Programming
### Basic examples

The `com.github.onelineoff.fp.basic` package contains simple examples to illustrate the basic functionality.  This generally involves implementing some basic task using Java 7 code, then rewriting in one or more steps using the Java 8 functional programming constructs, then having unit tests call all of the various methods, and verify that the output is identical.  



This allows the reader to see how to proceed from an imperative to functional style of coding in Java, with some intermediate steps for pedagogic purposes.



# TODO

1. Add Spring for the usual reasons.
2. What are best practices for stream() versus parallelStream()?  Research and implement using Spring.

Commit message:

Added functionality for finding prime numbers.

README.md, after:

Modern Java
===========

# Purpose
The purpose of this project is to learn and demonstrate new features in Java from version 8 on.

# Java 8
This was a major release.  Some of the main features are:
* Functional Programming
* Optional Class 
* Default And Static Methods In Interfaces
* Method References
* Stream API 
* New java.time package
* New java.util.Base64 class.
* Collection API Improvements
* Concurrency API Changes/Enhancements
* Java IO Improvements
* Miscellaneous Core API Improvements

## Functional Programming
### Basic examples

The `com.github.onelineoff.fp.basic` package contains simple examples to illustrate the basic functionality.  This generally involves implementing some basic task using Java 7 code, then rewriting in one or more steps using the Java 8 functional programming constructs, then having unit tests call all of the various methods, and verify that the output is identical.  
#### StringConcat
The idea is to turn a list of 'a', 'b', 'c', 'd' into 'a-b-c-d'.
Start with a Java 7 implementation, and progressively add FP concepts to illustrate the transition from imperative to FP style.
#### Prime
Determine which of a sequence of integers are prime.  This allows for parallel computation using stream() vs parallelstream().

This allows the reader to see how to proceed from an imperative to functional style of coding in Java, with some intermediate steps for pedagogic purposes.



# TODO

1. Add Spring for the usual reasons.
2. What are best practices for stream() versus parallelStream()?  Research and implement using Spring.
